## Description

As an administrator, you can use the security dashboard to see an overview of different security reports. By default, each security report panel displays data from the last 7 days. You can customize the dashboard to view data from Today, Yesterday, This week, Last week, This month, Last month, or Days ago (up to 180 days).

Charts/reports available (Minimum, but could be many more depending on account type):

- DLP incidents
- Top policy incidents
- Failed device password attempts
- Compromised device events
- Suspicious device activities
- OAuth scope grants by product (beta customers only)
- OAuth grant activity
- OAuth grants to new apps
- User login attempts – Challenge method
- User login attempts – Failed
- User login attempts – Suspicious

Details on what each of these charts/reports mean can be found **[here](https://apps.google.com/supportwidget/articlehome?article_url=https%3A%2F%2Fsupport.google.com%2Fa%2Fanswer%2F7492330&assistant_id=generic-unu&product_context=7492330&product_name=UnuFlow&trigger_context=a)**. This report should be reviewed weekly.

**NOTE:** The availability of each individual report on the security dashboard depends on your Google Workspace edition. See Google documentation for more details.

**NOTE:** In larger organizations reviewing this entire report weekly may not be possible. At a minimum, all Administrator and Super Administrator users should be reviewed, since they are a higher risk. These can be filtered from the overall user list.

The Security report provides a comprehensive view of how people share and access data and whether they take appropriate security precautions. For example, you can review who installs external apps, shares numerous files, skips 2-Step Verification, and uses security keys.

## Remediation

The remediation for any anomalies in the various fields varies widely (different sections of the Google Workspace Admin UI). Please refer to Google's documentation for specifics (**[here](https://apps.google.com/supportwidget/articlehome?article_url=https%3A%2F%2Fsupport.google.com%2Fa%2Fanswer%2F7492330&assistant_id=generic-unu&product_context=7492330&product_name=UnuFlow&trigger_context=a)**).

**NOTE:** Many of these settings will be remedied by implementing other sections of this Benchmark. For example, an Admin not enrolled in 2-Step Verification can be remedied by implementing the Remediation procedure for the recommendation **_Ensure 2-Step Verification (Multi-Factor Authentication) is enforced for all users in administrative roles_**.
