## Description

A hardware security key connects to a user's device using USB (A & C), Lightning, NFC, or Bluetooth connection. Also, many Android phones and Apple iPhones have built-in security keys accessible via Bluetooth and that can be assigned to a Google Workspace account.

The purpose of a physical security key is to provide an additional security layer to high value accounts; in the event of a compromise of a user's credentials (username and password) without the associated security key, the authentication process cannot be successfully completed.

The purpose of a physical security key is to provide an additional security layer to high value accounts; in the event of a compromise of a user's credentials (username and password) without the associated security key, the authentication process cannot be successfully completed.

Hardware security keys help to protect high value accounts from targeted attacks, including phishing attempts.

Adding a hardware security key requirement to your Google privileged accounts adds another layer of depth of protection greater than any other form of two-factor authentication.

## Remediation

To configure this setting via the Google Workspace Admin Console:

1. Log in to `https://admin.google.com` as an administrator.
2. Go to `Security` and click on `Authentication`.
3. Under `Authentication`, select `2-Step Verification`.
4. Select the option to `Allow users to turn on 2-Step Verification`.
5. Under `Enforcement`, enable either `'On'` or else `'On from'` and configure a valid date.
6. Under `Methods`, select `Only security key` to force the use of a security key.
7. Under `2-Step Verification policy suspension grace period`, select `1 day`.
8. Under `Security codes`, select `Don't allow users to generate security codes`.
9. Select `Save`.
