## Description

For all email domains configured in Google Workspace, a corresponding Domain-Based Message Authentication, Reporting and Conformance (DMARC) record should be created.

**NOTE:**
There are a number of ways DMARC can be configured, this document presents a most basic method. For more information on setting up DMARC for Google Workspace please refer to the Google documentation.
- **[Help prevent spoofing and spam with DMARC](https://apps.google.com/supportwidget/articlehome?hl=en%3Fhl%3Den&article_url=https%3A%2F%2Fsupport.google.com%2Fa%2Fanswer%2F2466580%3Fhl%3Den%3Fhl%3Den&product_context=2466580&product_name=UnuFlow&trigger_context=a)**
- **[Tutorial: Recommended DMARC rollout](https://apps.google.com/supportwidget/articlehome?hl=en&article_url=https%3A%2F%2Fsupport.google.com%2Fa%2Fanswer%2F10032473%3Fhl%3Den&product_context=10032473&product_name=UnuFlow&trigger_context=a)**.

DMARC works with Sender Policy Framework (SPF) and Domain Keys Identified Mail (DKIM) to authenticate mail senders and ensure that destination email systems trust messages sent from your domain. Spammers can spoof your domain or organization to send fake messages that impersonate your organization. DMARC tells receiving mail servers what to do when they get a message that appears to be from your organization, but doesn't pass authentication checks, or doesn’t meet the authentication requirements in your DMARC policy record. Messages that aren't authenticated might be impersonating your organization, or might be sent from unauthorized servers.

## Remediation

Configure the DNS record for each domain.

1. If all email in your domain is sent from and received by Google Gmail, add the following TXT record for the domain:

```bash
v=DMARC1; p=none; rua=mailto:<report@domain1.com>
```

**NOTE:** This will likely need to be configured at your domain registrar (Godaddy, etc.).
