## Description

Enabling Data Loss Prevention (DLP) policies for Google Drive allows organizations to control the content that users can share in Google Drive files outside the organization.

Enabling DLP policies alerts users and administrators that specific types of data should not be exposed, helping to protect the data from accidental exposure. DLP gives you control over what users can share, and prevents unintended exposure of sensitive information such as credit card numbers or identity numbers

## Remediation

To configure this setting via the Google Workspace Admin Console:

1. Log in to `https://admin.google.com` as an administrator.
2. Select `Security`.
3. Select `Access and Data Control`.
4. Select `Data protection`.
5. Select `Manage Rules`.
6. Select `ADD RULE`, then select either `New rule` or `New rule from template`.

**New rule**

Examples can be found **[here](https://support.google.com/a/answer/9655387?hl=en&ref_topic=9646660#zippy=%2Cplan-and-then-create-rules%2Cexample-protect-social-security-numbers-using-a-predefined-classifier)**.

1. Set the rule `Name`.
2. Optionally - Set the rule `Description`.
3. Set the `Scope` as appropriate.
4. Select `Continue`.
5. Set `Triggers` by `checking` - `File modified` under `Google Drive`.
6. Select `ADD CONDITION` and configure values (`Field`, `Comparison Operator`, `Content to match`) - _Repeat as appropriate_.
7. Select `Continue`.
8. Under `Actions`, select the desired action to take for each incident.
9. Under `Alerting`, select the desired severity level.
10. Under `Alerting`, `Select` - `Send to alert center`.
11. Select `Continue`.
12. Select `Create`.

**New rule from template**

1. Select the desired rule template.
2. Optionally set the `Name` as desired.
3. Optionally set the `Description as desired.
4. Set the `Scope` as appropriate.
5. Select `Continue`.
6. Modify preconfigured `Conditions` as desired, or add additional conditions.
7. Select `Continue`.
8. Under `Alerting`, `Select` - `Send to alert center`.
9. Select `Continue`.
10. Select `Create`.
