## Description

Enable Google's Advanced Protection Platform for all users and prevent the use of security codes where applicable.

Sophisticated phishing tactics can trick the most savvy users into giving their sign-in credentials to attackers. Advanced Protection requires you to use a security key, which is a hardware device or special software on your phone used to verify your identity, to sign in to your Google Account. Unauthorized users won’t be able to sign in without your security key, even if they have your username and password.

The Advanced Protection Program includes a curated group of high-security policies that are applied to enrolled accounts. Additional policies may be added to the Advanced Protection Program to ensure the protections are current.

Advanced Protection allows you to apply all of these protections at once, and override similar settings you may have configured manually. These policies include:

- Strong authentication with security keys
- Use of security codes with security keys (as needed)
- Restrictions on third-party access to account data
- Deep Gmail scans
- Google Safe Browsing protections in Chrome (when users are signed into Chrome using the same identity as their Advanced Protection Program identity)
- Account recovery through admin

## Remediation

To verify this setting via the Google Workspace Admin Console:

1. Log in to `https://admin.google.com` as an administrator.
2. Select `Security`.
3. Select `Advanced Protection Program`.
4. Under `Enrollment - Allow users to enroll in the Advanced Protection Program`, set `Enable user enrollment` to `selected` for the desired organizational unit or group.
5. Under `Security Codes`, set `Do not allow users to generate security codes` to `selected` for the desired organizational unit or group.
6. Select `Save`.
