## Description

As an administrator, the security health page enables you to monitor the configuration of your Admin console settings from one location. For example, you can check the status of settings like automatic email forwarding, device encryption, Drive sharing settings, and much more.

Settings reported (Minimum, but could be many more depending on account type):

- Blocking of compromised mobile devices
- Mobile management
- Mobile password requirements
- Device encryption
- Mobile inactivity reports
- Auto account wipe
- Application verification
- Installation of mobile applications from unknown sources
- External media storage
- Two-step verification for users
- Two-step verification for admins
- Security key enforcement for admins

Details on what each of these report entries mean can be found **[here](https://apps.google.com/supportwidget/articlehome?article_url=https%3A%2F%2Fsupport.google.com%2Fa%2Fanswer%2F7491656&assistant_id=generic-unu&product_context=7491656&product_name=UnuFlow&trigger_context=a)**. This report should be reviewed weekly.

**NOTE:** The availability of each individual report on the security dashboard depends on your Google Workspace edition. See Google documentation for more details.

The security health page provides visibility into your Admin console settings to help you better understand and manage security risks. If needed, you can make adjustments to your domain’s settings based on general security guidelines and best practices, while balancing these guidelines with your organization’s business needs and risk management policy.

## Remediation

The remediation for any anomalies in the various settings varies widely (different sections of the Google Workspace Admin UI). Please refer to Google's documentation for specifics (**[here](https://apps.google.com/supportwidget/articlehome?article_url=https%3A%2F%2Fsupport.google.com%2Fa%2Fanswer%2F7491656&assistant_id=generic-unu&product_context=7491656&product_name=UnuFlow&trigger_context=a)**).

**NOTE:** Many of these settings will be remedied by implementing other sections of this Benchmark. For example, an Admin not enrolled in 2-Step Verification can be remedied by implementing the Remediation procedure for the recommendation **_Ensure 2-Step Verification (Multi-Factor Authentication) is enforced for all users in administrative roles_**.
