## Description

Restrict access to selected Google applications by geographic location.

Restricting access to known/approved geographic locations is a simple way to limit where attacks can originate from. Especially for smaller organizations that do not need global access to applications.

## Remediation

To configure this setting via the Google Workspace Admin Console:

**Create an appropriate Access Level**

1. Log in to `https://admin.google.com` as an administrator.
2. Select `Security`.
3. Select `Access and Data Control`.
4. Select `Context-Aware Access`.
5. Select `Access levels`.
6. Select `Create Access Level`.
7. Under Details - Name the Access Level (Suggested using a clear name - ex. "Restrict to USA").
8. Under Conditions - Select `Basic`.
9. Under Condition 1 - Select `Meet attributes`.
10. Under Condition 1 - Select `Add Attribute`.
11. Click on the `Add Attribute` drop-down box and select `Geographic origin`.
12. Click on the far right drop-down box and select the region, or regions, to be allowed (ex. United States).
13. Click `Save`.

**Assign the defined Access Level has been assigned to the application(s) that need the restriction**

1. Log in to `https://admin.google.com` as an administrator.
2. Select `Security`.
3. Select `Access and Data Control`.
4. Select `Context-Aware Access`.
5. Select `Assign access levels`.
6. For each application listed that needs this restriction, select `Assign`.
7. Under, `Access is granted when a user meets conditions in at least one of the selected access levels`, ensure the previously named Access Level (ex. "Restrict to USA") is `checked`.
8. Also, ensure `Apply to Google desktop and mobile apps` is `checked`.

**NOTE:** CIS recommends geographically restricting assess to the following Google applications at minimum:

1. Admin Console.
2. Drives and Docs.
3. Gmail.
4. Google Vault.
