## Description

Configure Google Workspace to verify a user's identity post-sso.

Many organizations use third-party identity providers (IdPs) to authenticate users who use single sign on (SSO) through SAML. The third-party IdP authenticates users and no additional risk-based challenges are presented to them. Any Google 2-Step Verification (2SV) configuration is ignored. This is the default behavior. You can set a policy to allow additional risk-based authentication challenges and 2SV if it’s configured. If Google receives a valid SAML assertion (authentication information about the user) from the IdP during user sign-in, Google can present additional challenges to the user.

Login challenges requires users have a recovery phone number or email account associated with their organizational account. If not previously configured, users will be prompted to enter this information periodically until provided.

One login challenge option prompts users to enter their employee ID. This method is susceptible to information gathering attacks, should a list of employee IDs ever be leaked.

## Remediation

To configure this setting via the Google Workspace Admin Console:

1. Log in to `https://admin.google.com` as an administrator.
2. Select `Security`.
3. Select `Login Challenges`.
4. Under `Post-SSO verification`, set `Logins using SSO are subject to additional verifications (if appropriate) and 2-Step Verification (if configured)` is `checked`.
5. Select `Save`.
6. Under `Login challenges`, set `Use employee ID to keep my users more secure` to `unchecked`.
7. Select `Save`.
