## Description

Configuring and enabling the setting that an alert will be generated when Google believes your users are being targeted by a government-backed attack.

Ensuring that administrators are alerted that they may be being targeted by a government-backed entity allows them time to check their defenses and potentially up their sensitivity for anomalies.

**NOTE:** Google sends these out of an abundance of caution — the notice does not necessarily mean that the account has been compromised or that there is a widespread attack. Rather, the notice reflects Goggle's assessment that a government-backed attacker has likely attempted to access the user’s account or computer through phishing or malware, for example.

## Remediation

To verify this setting via the Google Workspace Admin Console:

1. Log in to `https://admin.google.com` as an administrator.
2. Select `Rules`.
3. Under `Google protects you by default` select `View list`.
4. Scroll to `Government-backed attacks` and select it.
5. Within the `Actions` pane, click the edit pencil on the right side of the pane.
6. Select `Send to alert center` (This will result in the alert being set to On).
7. Set the alert severity to `High`.
8. To enable emails when this alert condition is met, select `Send email notifications`. Once enabled, the `All super administrators` option is selected by default.
9. Click `Review` to confirm the values.
10. Click `Update Rule`.
11. Confirm that the `Government-backed attacks` shows an Alert status of `On` in the list.

### Default Vaue

`Government-backed attacks` is `OFF`