## Overview

Security Reports.

**A note on the Investigation tool**

The Investigation tool found in the Security center portion of the Google Workspace Admin UI is a powerful tool for investigating various incidents. It is basically a flexible search that has access to essentially all the various logs in Google Workspace. How this tool would be used is very organization-specific and possibly event specific, so CIS does not have any specific recommendations for its use in this Benchmark.

That being said, admins should be aware of this tool and it capabilities, since it will be very useful in detecting and resolving various incidents, so we urge admins to get familiar with the tool. For example, you can use the investigation tool to:

- Access data about devices.
- Access device log data to get a clear view of the devices and applications being used to access your data.
- Access data about Gmail messages, including email content.
- Access Gmail log data to find and erase malicious emails, mark emails as spam or phishing, or send emails to users’ inboxes.
- View search results that list suspended users.
- Access Drive log data to investigate file sharing in your organization, investigate the creation and deletion of documents, investigate who accessed documents, and more.

For more information:

- Google Documentation is **[here](https://apps.google.com/supportwidget/articlehome?hl=en&article_url=https%3A%2F%2Fsupport.google.com%2Fa%2Fanswer%2F7575955%3Fhl%3Den&assistant_id=generic-unu&product_context=7575955&product_name=UnuFlow&trigger_context=a)**.
- A useful overview video is **[here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RTf0bQJct9k&list=PLn275E3eumb6OTmFMyAbnEN1tJN-24GwZ&index=2)**.
