## Description

Enforce 2-Step Verification (Multi-Factor Authentication) for all users assigned administrative roles. These include roles such as:

- Help Desk Admin
- Groups Admin
- Super Admin
- Services Admin
- User Management Admin
- Mobile Admin
- Android Admin
- Custom Admin Roles.

Add an extra layer of security to users accounts by asking users to verify their identity when they enter a username and password. 2-Step Verification (Multi-factor authentication) requires an individual to present a minimum of two separate forms of authentication before access is granted. 2-Step Verification provides additional assurance that the individual attempting to gain access is who they claim to be. With 2-Step Verification, an attacker would need to compromise at least two different authentication mechanisms, increasing the difficulty of compromise and thus reducing the risk.

## Remediation

To verify this setting via the Google Workspace Admin Console:

1. Log in to `https://admin.google.com` as an administrator.
2. Go to `Security` and click on `2-Step Verification`.
3. Select the appropriate group with `ALL ADMIN ROLES` -- Create this group if needed.
4. Under `Authentication`, set `Allow users to turn on 2-Step Verification` to `checked`.
5. Set `Enforcement` to `On`.
6. Set `New user enrollment period` is set to `2 weeks`.
7. Under `Frequency`, set `Allow user to trust device` to `unchecked`.
8. Under `Methods`, set `Any except verification codes via text, phone call` to `selected`.
9. Select `Save`.
